[Music]
Josiah was 8 years old when he became
king and he reigned 31 years in
Jerusalem and he did what was right in
the sight of the Lord and walked in the
ways of his father David he did not turn
aside to the right hand or to the left
for in the eighth year of his reign
while he was still young he began to
seek the God of his father David and in
the 12th year he began to purge Judah
and Jerusalem of the high places
the wooden images the carved images and
the molded images they broke down the
altars of the Bailes in his presence and
the incense altars which were above them
he cut down and the wooden images the
carved images and the molded images he
broke in pieces and made dust of them
and scattered it on the graves of those
who had sacrificed to them
he also burned the bones of the priests
on their altars and cleanse Judah and
Jerusalem and so he did in the cities of
Manasseh Ephraim and Simeon as far as
NAFTA live and all around with axes when
he had broken down the altars and the
wooden images had beaten the carved
images into powder and cut down all the
incense altars throughout all the land
of Israel he returned to Jerusalem in
the 18th year of his reign when he had
purged the land and the temple he sent
Schaeffer the son of as a lion may Asiya
the governor of the city and joah the
son of juror has the recorder to repair
the house of the Lord his God
when they came to Hill kaya the high
priest they delivered the money that was
brought into the house of God which the
Levites who kept the doors had gathered
from the hand of Manasseh and Ephraim
from all the remnant of Israel from all
Judah and Benjamin and which they had
brought back to Jerusalem then they put
it in the hand of the foreman who had
the oversight of the house of the Lord
and they gave it to the workmen who
worked in the house of the Lord to
repair and restore the house they gave
it to the craftsmen and builders to buy
hewn stone and timber for beams and to
floor the houses which the kings of
Judah had destroyed
and the men did the work faithfully
their overseers were je hath and Obadiah
the Levites of the sons of me Ray Ray
and Zechariah and Michelin the sons of
the kohathites to supervise others of
the Levites all of whom were skillful
with instruments of music were over the
burden bearers and were overseers of all
who did work in any kind of service and
some of the Levites were scribes offices
and gatekeepers now when they brought
out the money that was brought into the
house of the Lord Hill kyer the priest
found the book of the law of the law
given by Moses then yo kaya answered and
said to Chafin describe I have found the
book of the law in the house of the Lord
and Hill kaya gave the book to Schaeffer
so Chafin carried the book to the king
bringing the King Word all that was
committed to your servants they are
doing and they have gathered the money
that was found in the house of the Lord
and have delivered it into the hand of
the overseers and the workman Hilkiah
the priest has given me a book and
Chafin read it before the king thus it
happened when the King heard the words
of the law that he tore his clothes and
the king commanded Hill kaya a high CIM
the son of shaphan abdun the son of
micah Chafin described and Isaiah a
servant of the king go inquire of the
Lord for me and for those who are left
in Israel and Judah concerning the words
of the book that is found
for great is the wrath of the Lord that
has poured out on us because our fathers
have not kept the word of the Lord to do
according to all that is written in this
book
so he'll kaya and those the King had
appointed went to Huldah the prophetess
the wife of Shalem the son of Tucker the
son of Hazra keeper of the Wardrobe she
dwelt in Jerusalem in the second quarter
and they spoke to her to better fit she
answered them thus says the Lord God of
Israel tell the man who sent you to me
thus says the Lord behold I will bring
calamity on this place and on its
inhabitants all the curses that are
written in the book which they have read
before the king of Judah because they
have forsaken me and burned incense to
other gods that they might provoke me to
anger with all the works of their hands
therefore my wrath will be poured out on
this place and not be quenched but as
for the king of Judah who sent you to
inquire of the Lord in this manner you
shall speak to him thus says the Lord
God of Israel concerning the words which
you have heard because your heart was
tender and you humbled yourself before
God when you heard his words against
this place and against its inhabitants
and you humbled yourself before me and
you tore your clothes and wept before me
I also have heard you says the Lord
surely I will gather you to your
father's and you shall be gathered to
your grave in peace
and your eyes shall not see all the
calamity which I will bring on this
place and its inhabitants so they
brought back word to the king then the
king sent and gathered all the elders of
Judah and Jerusalem the king went up to
the house of the Lord with all the men
of Judah and the inhabitants of
Jerusalem the priests and the Levites
and all the people great and small and
he read in their hearing all the words
of the book of the Covenant which had
been found in the house of the Lord then
the king stood in his place and made a
covenant before the Lord to follow the
Lord and to keep his Commandments and
his testimonies and his statutes with
all his heart and all his soul to
perform the words of the Covenant that
were written in this book and he made
all who were present in Jerusalem and
Benjamin take a stand so the inhabitants
of Jerusalem did according to the
covenant of God the God of their fathers
thus Josiah removed all the abominations
from all the country that belonged to
the children of Israel and made all who
were present in Israel diligently served
the Lord their God all his days they did
not depart from following the Lord God
of their fathers